add example to maximize savings (#8167)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/rerun-failed-tests-only.adoc

== Known limitations

> * If your testing job is using parallelism and test splitting, the job will spin up the number of containers/virtual machines (VMs) that are specified with the `parallelism` key. However, the step that runs tests for each of those parallel containers/VMs will only run a subset of tests, or no tests, after the tests are split across the total number of parallel containers/VMs. For example, if parallelism is set to eight, there may only be enough tests after the test splitting occurs to "fill" the first parallel container/VM. The remaining seven containers/VMs will still start up, but they will not run any tests when they get to the test execution step.  **The vast majority of customers still observe substantial time and credit savings** despite spinning up containers/VMs that do not run tests.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your testing job uses parallelism and test splitting, the job will spin up the number of containers/virtual machines (VMs) that are specified with the `parallelism` key. However, the step that runs tests for each of those parallel containers/VMs will only run a subset of tests, or no tests, after the tests are split across the total number of parallel containers/VMs.
+
For example, if parallelism is set to eight, there may only be enough tests after the test splitting occurs to "fill" the first parallel container/VM. The remaining seven containers/VMs will still start up, but they will not run any tests when they get to the test execution step. 
+
**The vast majority of customers still observe substantial time and credit savings** despite spinning up containers/VMs that do not run tests.  
```
Adding this suggestion for readability

I'd also suggest phrasing it as "You can still observe substantial..." as we usually try and refer to the reader directly/in second person

> If you'd like to maximize credit savings, you can immediately check for whether the parallel container/VM will execute tests as the first step in a job and if there are no tests to run, terminate execution.  An example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to maximize credit savings, you can immediately check for whether the parallel container/VM will execute tests as the first step in a job, and if there are no tests to run, terminate job execution. For example:
```
